Your heart's racing.
Um, I have to run.
Be careful, I heard the CEOs apparently like a giant pervert or something.
You might want to avoid him.
Me a pervert.
Uh, I guess I'll avoid myself.
Is it nobody with no background?
Why are you even here?
The CEO specifically requested your resume yesterday.
What?
Did you sleep your way through the back door?
I didn't sleep with anybody.
I earned my spot fair and square.
With interviews and hard work.
And LinkedIn.
Your first day on the job and you're already mouthing off to me, I can fire you right now.
Yeah, and I can report you to HR.
I am HR.
You don't know how things work around here, do you?
Well, I don't think bullying is in the employee handbook.
You want to be bullied?
Fine.